[Music]
do people often complement your
analytical skills and logical thinking
do you realize who the criminal is as
soon as you open a new detective novel
then you might love this challenge so
ready set go number one a locked room
you have a storeroom in your house that
can be locked with a special padlock it
gets closed without a key but to open it
you have to use one the only person who
has the key is you and there are no
duplicates you lock the door carefully
every evening but one day a golden
brooch that was stolen from the museum
the day before is found lying in the
middle of your storeroom the police
suspect that you're the thief because no
one else has the key and you live alone
you know for sure that you're innocent
but then how did the brooch appear in
the room you have 10 seconds to clear
yourself
while you were in the storeroom the real
criminal changed the padlock you didn't
need the key the closet so you didn't
realize it had been changed later the
thief opened the padlock with his own
key and left the brooch inside the room
number two mysterious doors you've been
driving your car for hours but
eventually you admit that you've gotten
lost you're tired thirsty hungry and
have no money to buy anything suddenly
on the side of the road you see four
doors behind the first door there's
plenty of drinking water the second door
hides
tons of tasty dishes behind the third
door there's a cozy hotel room with a
comfortable bed and if you open the
fourth door you'll see piles of money
which door will you open first
[Applause]
[Music]
the very first door you should open is
your car door number three
a werewolf mystery last night during a
full moon
several people disappeared in the city
locals believed that the culprit was a
werewolf and you're invited to
investigate this case there are three
suspects Jack Levi and Luke but all of
them have alibis
Jack was walking with his girlfriend
near the river Levi was choosing a
silver ring for himself in the mall and
Luke who is a museum guard had the night
shift at work you have just ten seconds
to learn the truth Jack was walking
under the full moon and didn't turn into
a werewolf
Levi wasn't afraid to put on silver
rings the werewolf is Luke number four a
big mistake a famous criminal Ben was
hired to steal important documents from
a wealthy businessman the man was in
England at that time and Ben had to take
a flight from New York to London there
he headed to the neccesary hotel and
bribed the receptionist to tell him
where the businessman stayed his room is
on the third floor the first one on the
right when Ben reached the correct door
he knocked but there was no answer so he
broke into the room and started to
search for the documents but soon the
man realized that it was the wrong room
how could that happen
if the receptionist hadn't lied
[Music]
in England they call the first floor
ground floor it means that the
businessman actually live on the fourth
floor number five a jailbreak you've
been captured and kept in a jail for
several months one day you managed to
open your cell and get out into the hall
there are three exits a huge vicious
looking man guards one of them the
second has angry dogs and in front of
the third exit there's a timer ticking
down to an explosion in five minutes
which exit will you choose
[Music]
wait until the explosion is over and get
out through the third exit number six a
cursed house once a traveller heard
about a cursed house there lived a
vampire and a beauty and since rumor had
it that the beauty was held in the house
against her will
the man decided to help the girl but
when he was talking to her he suddenly
shouted the vampire is returning we have
to hide in the basement and lock the
door and so they did but in the morning
the traveller was already turned into a
vampire you have ten seconds to figure
out how the vampire got to him
[Music]
the beauty was the vampire number seven
an escape plan
some criminals took three bank workers
and locked them in a basement with only
one window high above they decided that
at least one of them had to escape and
warn the police the men stood on each
other's shoulders but the one on the top
still couldn't reach the window but then
they changed one thing and one of them
managed to escape you have ten seconds
to understand what they did the tallest
of them climbed on the top and since
this man also had longer arms he managed
to reach the window number eight a
clever
ticketing clerk a tourist who didn't
know English came up to the ticket
counter at a New York subway station one
ticket costs fifty cents and the man
handed him $1 the ticketing clerk gave
the tourist two tickets without even
asking how many of them he wanted how
did she know the tourist gave her four
quarters and she immediately realized
that if he wanted just one ticket he
would have handed just two quarters
number nine Tomb Raider you're an
archaeologist exploring an ancient tomb
in the jungle but after several hours
inside you realize that you've gotten
lost suddenly you see three doors
leading to the main hall but there is a
trap behind each of the doors the first
one leads to the room filled with
tarantulas behind the second there is a
mechanism launching arrows several feet
above the ground and the third door
hides a 100-foot drop-off you have only
ten seconds to decide which door will
lead to freedom
[Music]
you should choose the door with the
arrows behind it since they fly several
feet above the ground you can always
crawl under them number 10
witty mind one night a bunch of thieves
were stealing boxes with electronics
from a warehouse and carrying them to
their van when they heard a police car
siren but even though they didn't manage
to avoid the police they didn't get
arrested why they started to carry the
boxes back into the warehouse pretending
to be a late-night delivery number 11
guard and riddle in the morning you find
several pieces of coal a carrot and a
hat lying in your yard you know that
nobody could put these random objects
there so how did they turn up in the
middle of your lawn it was warm at night
and a snowman melted number 12 a safe
elevator you receive a message that says
a violent and dangerous man is entering
your office building and you need to get
out as soon as possible you're rushing
towards the elevator when both of them
simultaneously open their doors and in
both of them there's a
suspicious-looking guy which elevator
should you take you have ten seconds to
save your life
[Music]
you should jump into the second elevator
because the dangerous man has just
entered the building and can't be coming
from upstairs number 13
a fly in the coffee James came to a cafe
to drink coffee but when the waitress
brought him a cup the man found a fly in
his drink he called the waitress and
told her to bring him another coffee she
did but when James took a sip from the
new cup he got really angry and asked
for the manager he complained that the
waitress had brought him the same coffee
how did he know the new coffee was
already sweet because James had
previously put sugar into his first cup
before finding the fly number 14 a safe
place Lucas
lived in Paris but he didn't like the
Eiffel Tower so every day he ate his
dinner in the only place where it
couldn't be seen what was this place
[Music]
Lucas always had dinner in a cafe at the
base of the tower number 15 a treasure
chest
you found a chest filled with gold but
it's guarded by a monster dog there are
three keys on the floor black golden and
silver only one of them opens the chest
and you also have just one attempt to
get the treasure if you choose the wrong
key the dog will attack you on the
ground
there's a scribbled note G JK h OE e ly
de m which key will you pick if you put
the letters of the scribble in the
correct order you'll get the answer the
golden key so how many riddles have you
cracked at once let me know down in the
comments if you learned something new
today then give this video a like and
share it with a friend but hey don't go
choosing among those three doors just
yet avoid the vampire besides we have
over 2,000 cool videos for you to check
out all you have to do is pick the left
or right video click on it and enjoy
stay on the bright side of life
[Music]